# Survey_Precessing_Models

##
This repository contains three main directories: 
- `data_files`:
    - `params`: contains the intrinsic parameter files for the different data sets. E.g., discrete, uniform, short SXS etc.
    - `pe_config_files`: contains the config files for the parameter estimation runs.
- `python`: contains the python and Jupyter notebooks as well as shell scripts to run the jobs in large blocks. **Note:** file paths and other related objects need to be changed. Please read README.txt in the dir.
- `results`:
    - `mismatches`: contains the mismatch data for all the different data sets. See below for further details.
    - `pe`: contains the posterior results from the parameter estimation runs as .json files.
    - `timing_results`: contains the timing data for the three different sets of parameters used. See App. D of the [manuscript](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.06781) for details. The files are of .json format again.

## Virtual Environments

Please see *Software* under the **Acknowledgements** section of the [manuscript](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.06781) for software version information.  

## Structuring of the Mismatch Data
The `results/mismatches` dir contains four subdirs pertaining to the different parameter sets used to construct the waveforms as well as to the target waveforms used to assess model faithfulness. The dirs `discrete` and `random` contain mismatch results with respect to the model [NRSur7dq4](https://arxiv.org/abs/1905.09300). The dirs `sxs_short` and `sxs_long` contain mismatch results with respect to numerical relativity waveforms generated by the [SXS Collaboration](https://www.black-holes.org/).

- The mismatch data contains the approximant strings: 'SEOB', 'TEOB', 'TPHM' and 'XPHM' representing the waveform model compared against NRSur7dq4.
- The strings 'NoMR', 'MR' pertain to whether the mismatch integral was truncated before the onset of the plunge (NoMr) or the integral was computed to 1024Hz (MR).
- The string 'inc0', 'inc90' indicate the inclination of the binary at the reference frequency.
- Each mismatch contains a header at row 0 describing the columns. The data column under the heading 'Mean[mismatch[fancy]]' is what is used in the [manuscript](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.06781) referred to as the sky-optimized mismatch.
- The discrete and the sxs_short sets use two values for the total mass of the binary system: 37.5 and 150 solar masses. Hence, the strings 'M37.5', 'M150'.
- The sxs_long set has data for a total of six different values for the total mass. Accordingly the file names contain six different strings starting from the second character, e.g., 225 for 225 solar masses.
